[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Lee
Harris is back with me
again to talk about the intense
energies that are mounting.
Certain theme words
keep popping up
at this time, one being truth.
We're going to go to
the Zs in a little bit
and learn how this energy
is supporting our growth.
And it's interesting.
The word truth is so
loaded these days.
I mean, we have all this
awful stuff out in the world,
in the mainstream media
and politics, tweeting
and so forth, fake news.
But the bottom line is
it's not all external.
It's internal.
We're feeding ourself
fake news all the time.
In fact, we're feeding ourself
fake news almost all day
everyday in our own internal
dialogue based on programming,
based particularly on fear,
projections about the future.
That's why I thought
this conversation could
be really good,
with the Zs today,
to start really launching into
the information streams that
are affecting our
reality so deeply.
So welcome back.
>>LEE HARRIS: Hi.
Good to be back.
>>REGINA: And also, before
we even talk to the Zs,
I'd like to chat with you a
little bit about the themes
that you're noticing
among your clientele
and the workshops and groups
you do around the world.
You must be seeing
certain themes
emerging, kind of like the
search word, so to speak,
of the subconscious psyche.
>>HARRIS: Yes, yes.
And for the group that resonate
with the work that I do,
there have been a few
different themes coming up.
The big one that has come
up in the last few months
is a phrase that came
through the Zs, which
is you are needed,
and now is your time.
And I think in many ways,
we've heard this a lot,
and we've always
heard that this shift
time would be a time
that people really
have to stand in their power.
But for me, from
my perspective, I
work a lot with sensitives,
empaths, intuitives, healers,
people who have always had
a high degree of sensitivity
and a high connection
with all realms,
as well as the human realm.
The big message is
how are you dealing
with the grounded stuff,
because you nail it,
really, when you talk
about our programming.
We can understand
spiritual concepts,
but we still bring
it back into the body
and have to deal
with where we have
been programmed by society,
by what happened to us.
So for example, a spiritual
truth for me could be you
are free to create
everything in the universe.
And as I absorb that and
take that into my body,
up comes the voice
that said, no, you
have to work really
hard, and you're always
going to have to work
hard if you want freedom.
I think we all are burning
through those things
at the moment.
But there is a
rise in power, I'm
noticing, for people who are
awakened, sensitive, empathic,
but it's a grounded power
versus an energetic power.
I always think that the
people I've worked with
and the time that
I've lived through,
there was a lot about
accessing higher consciousness.
Bringing higher consciousness
down into the body.
And the last few years,
one of the messages
that I've been called to work
on and with with people is OK,
it's in here now.
How are we going
to alchemize it?
And that's far harder.
It's far easier to
meditate out or to have
a visionary moment that
takes you into other realms.
This stuff in the body, that's
really intense emotionally
on the planet right now
too, because even people who
are unconscious of
what's going on for them
are highly emotional,
highly charged.
There's a lot of fear and a
lot of anxiety, much of which
is perpetrated and
some of which I think
is natural, because
I think we're
seeing so many things
going on on the planet that
are distressing.
So how are we navigating that?
And the one big thing I'm always
called to work on with people
is boundaries, because
that was a weak area for me
as an empath and a sensitive.
And the thing I learn
over and over again
is if you know who you are,
what you're here to do,
and you can hold
that, you're going
to be able to play your
part at this time in the way
that you are designed
to play your part.
We're all part of
the jigsaw puzzle,
and we all have
our piece to play.
But empaths, sensitives,
intuitives, they
can get lost in other people.
I call it the abandoned self.
You know, a good
empath or a good--
because empaths are
usually good connectors,
good healers, but
what part of ourself
do we have to abandon
in order to be that.
So if I'm with you,
and you're angry,
I have to get rid
of my joy, or I
have to get rid of my own
natural state of peace
in order to have a
connection with you
because there's no
way your anger is
going to be receptive to that.
And what's the
cost to the empath
or the sensitive of doing
that over and over again?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And sometimes it's just really--
as you say, grounded
decisions we
have to make about how we
choose to live our life.
I mean, just a
simple thing about--
in fact, you triggered something
that happened yesterday
at the airport, in my mind.
And I thought, it does come
down to these simple things
that we were so conditioned
within a society toward,
we don't even think about,
and I had a conversation
with a man who worked
at the airport who
was from South Sudan.
He had a huge smile, and I
said, so how are you doing?
And he said, oh,
it's a good day.
I said, where are
you from initially?
He said, well, I'm
from South Sudan.
And I said, how do
you like it here?
And he said-- he said
something interesting.
He said, it's much safer.
And he said, but I have to work
so hard to have that safety.
He said, my cousins and my
friends at home in Sudan,
we don't have to go to work.
Most people don't
even have jobs.
We can talk to
each other all day
and enjoy one another's
company, but we might be killed.
It's very unsafe.
And so just this one
lens of this one man
and how his
priorities had to go,
he's working his
tail off in America
so he can just feel a sense
of safety inside his life.
So in a way, I know it's
a bit of a non sequitur,
but at the same
time, we're not even
stopping to examine
the simple truth of how
we lay our own lives out.
Just that program alone is
dictating a lot of what we are.
>>HARRIS: Completely.
It's interesting.
I had a personal example
of that recently.
The last two months, I've
been working very, very hard
on lots of different things.
And it was one of those
cascade effect things.
It wasn't that I
planned it, but I
had a team member who
suddenly got sick and was out.
And I caught myself about two
weeks ago just running stress.
About every two days, I would
have this highly intense
emotional reaction, and it would
last for 20 minutes to an hour,
depending on how I managed it.
And I had that thought of just--
my friend calls it Western
mania, and how we in the West
are so used to or programmed
around working hard
or this is what we
do in the world.
And I really had to
bring myself down
off the ledge in those moments
because on the one hand,
what I'm doing feels purposeful.
On the other hand, you have
to watch your own self-care.
But even more than that,
I noticed just this--
I feel that there
is an energy crackle
in the world at the moment
that there are times
that you can feel very peaceful,
and you can focus peace
for yourself, and you may
have shared peace with others,
and then there are other
times when you'll sit quietly
in the garden or by
yourself for a moment,
and you can feel
the [STATIC NOISE]..
Not your own intensity
or uncertainty,
but just the ripple effect
that's going across the planet
because everything is
so fast, and we've never
had to keep up with this level
of change, transformation.
You talking about the
inner shadow that we have,
that I think we're in this
period of shadow cleanse.
So it's very confrontational
to you and yourself,
around oh, wow.
There's a better
way I can do that.
I didn't need to say it
that way to that person.
And I often notice
because of other people.
I notice the way
someone reacts to me,
and that sometimes
gives me information.
Oh, wow.
I'm really in hyperproductive
mode right now,
and I noticed that was a
little jarring to them,
so I need to soften.
But I think there's this
massive change going
on that's really very
actualized versus
conceptual, whereas for
me, personally, if I
go back 10 years, we were
bringing a lot more concept
down.
And that's personal
for me, but I think
I see that change happening.
The rubber meets the road.
And with everything
going on the ground,
that's become far more
divisive, far more apparent
conflict energy
right in front of us
and people going through trauma,
whether it's world events,
world disasters, politics.
Just what that's doing
to us as a collective,
I think it's
confusing and scary,
and self-care becomes huge
for people who are not only
picking up on that for
themselves and conscious of it
in themselves, but they're
either working that
in or for others or
noticing that in others.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I think that's why
what I brought up earlier
does matter in that if we
can't start with, really,
the basement of our lives, which
is the foundational elements
of how we choose to live and
how much stress and energy can
be demanded of us at this
time and make those really
essential decisions
on the ground,
you're not going to be of much
good to anybody else trying
to hyperprocess
cosmic information,
because you're not
going to have the energy
or clarity to even
do anything with it.
And this is a problem right now.
And just like this man
saying I feel safer,
but I miss my cousins.
And why shouldn't we be
able to have a cup of tea
with our cousin in
the middle of the day?
Our birthright is to
listen, to connect,
to enjoy this planet and
everything that it offers
in the five sensory world.
We're in a five sensory
body, and yet we
keep escaping, trying to go
to the cosmic and divine,
and ineffectively
at that, because we
can't ground ourselves.
>>HARRIS: And for me,
the cosmic and the divine
is such a rabbit hole.
The more you learn, the
more it just keeps going.
So I think it is ineffective.
It's a little bit like going
to a tarot reader or a healer
for relief rather than growth.
I think it's great to get some
relief when you have a healing
session, and that's
important, but if you're
alchemizing the information
and taking away and going,
oh, right.
So they've given me
some sense of direction,
and now how do I want to
actively work with that.
People giving their
power over to seeing
the healer as being the person
that's going to bring them
relief.
That time is over.
You can't live that way anymore
and self-sustain and grow.
And I think that's where
there is a certain intensity,
because it gets us
into our traumas,
whether you experience
those as past life
or whether you experience
those as this lifetime.
And the nature of growth
is that the more you evolve
and the more that
you uncover the gunk,
the more this memory
comes up from age 13.
And you're like, oh my
god, I didn't really
feel that at that time the way
I can feel it and process it now
because I didn't
have a framework.
So I think that rapid fire
of releasing the shadow
has to happen.
And I've always maintained this
and felt this in my own life.
When we induce and
absorb a lot of light
or a lot of
transformation, there's
going to be a lot of
[VOCALIZATION] on the back end.
Because if you elevate
and bring in light,
higher frequencies, then
what the body does is it
goes, oh, OK.
Great.
Well, I can now get rid of this.
I can get rid of this
depressive pattern.
And we often go
through that in layers.
I think sometimes
people think, oh, great.
Well, I went to this workshop,
and I got rid of this aspect.
And I've seen that with
certain people who will say,
I've now healed myself of this.
And I'm always kind of--
I'm like, great if they did.
I personally never make
any of those proclamations
because life is a spiral path.
You never know when
your issue with money
is going to come around again
in an even bigger way now
that you've cracked
it on that level.
So I think that's very humbling,
and I think it's hard for us
to feel humble.
Because when we're humble,
we're vulnerable, and were
vulnerable to [GASPS] oh my
god, this planet is wondrous,
and there's great stuff,
and Jesus, there's
all this other stuff as well.
So for me that has been a
personal process and a process
that I lead other people to.
It's like how can we sit in the
all of it and be more centered,
be more balanced.
Because it takes time
to steer yourself there
and uncover the original
wounds and the past wounds.
But also to have
some levity about it
rather than constantly
try and heal yourself.
To try and laugh
and go, OK, well,
today I'm watching a comedy,
or this moment with this man
that you are having
is beautiful.
And that's what life is for.
It's like, oh, wow, that was--
you had a magic moment.
I love those moments.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And again, it comes
back to if you
can get your base secured,
whatever that base looks
like for you, and
again, this gets down
to our societal conditioning.
What our life is
supposed to look like.
What it's supposed to look
like at a certain age,
a certain stage, once you
have kids, and so forth.
We have to throw all
that out the window
and look at ourselves
individually and say
what does my being
need to sustain me
so that I can be whole and
begin working on these things
within and without?
And so that that's a whole
different set of inquiry
that really has to
start from the bottom.
How do I choose to live?
Where do I choose to live?
Can I live with other
people so I don't
have this huge burden on me?
All these basic questions
need to be answered even
before the big
spiritual journey,
and we're kind of doing it
back asswards a lot of times.
We're in a hurry to get
out of the pain we're
in from that life we've
created, so we go out there,
and then you can't really use
what's out there because you
still have to go back down
to work for a 10-hour shift,
or whatever it is
that's bothering you,
a bad relationship or
whatnot that you haven't
found your way out of yet.
>>HARRIS: I love that you're
saying that because I think
that's what this
phrase you are needed
and now is your time is about.
It's a call to arms,
but it's a call
to arms about sort
your life out.
I have a lot of
sensitives, people
who can feel tough stuff.
But I'm always, I hope,
lovingly tough on them
if they tell me they've
been depressed for a year.
I know what it's like to
be god awful depressed
and not know if you
want to continue living,
and you have to get
yourself out of it.
And there will be support, and
there will be magic moments,
but you can't just
pray for the angels.
You can't just get
mad at the universe.
Good to get mad at
the universe if you
need to get mad at the
universe for an hour
and get it out your system.
It's good to pray
for the angels,
but it's also about recognizing
that where you've been
can be transformed, but
that it will take time.
And that if you're willing to
put in the diligence and to go,
OK, I really wish
I had money now
because my money pain is
so strong that I just want
to get rid of this money pain.
It might take you two
years to really concentrate
on looking at your patterns,
being honest about, oh yeah.
Well, I never look at my bank
account because it scares me.
You're going to have to
look at your bank account.
Because the only way that
you're going to change
that fear-victim state is
to look at the parts of it.
And that's true for all of us,
no matter how advanced you are.
I've never met anybody--
I've met some really enlightened
people, but if you're human
and you're on the planet,
there should always
be a next phase of growth.
And I think sometimes
there's this illusionary idea
that you can go back and be
spirit embodied on the earth.
No, that's called death.
So for me, it's like, OK.
Well, the gift of us working
our own life and recognizing we
can make changes, we then become
an energetic ambassador of it
for others.
You don't need to tell Uncle
Jim, who hates spirituality,
all about the spiritual world.
But just you being
in his presence,
when you've cleared up
whatever ambivalence
you've got in that
relationship with him,
and you're working
on your own life,
you'll find year after
year, at those Thanksgiving
parties or Christmas
parties, he will slowly
get a little bit more
interested in you.
Not because of your
concepts or your beliefs.
He may never want those.
But the fact that you are
loving and supportive toward him
because your own
compassion grows
through really looking at
the rubber meets the road
stuff in yourself and
going, oh god, yeah.
I'm terrified to look
at my bank account.
OK, this year, I'm going to look
at my bank account once a week.
And it will hurt,
and I won't like it,
and it won't feel as
nice as when I meditate,
but if I walk into
this, I'm going
to release the life force back
into this dented or wounded
area.
Because we all have them.
>>REGINA: I couldn't agree more.
And I have a friend who is
just, she's a wonderful mystic.
Old druid, you know.
Lots of knowledge.
Practical, rounded knowledge.
Great understanding of roots
and herbs and far beyond that.
But she's trapped in this thing
where she cannot look at her
finances and waits for her home
to be taken away every day,
year after year, waiting
for someone to come knock
on the door and take her home
away from her because she
can't engage with the world.
>>HARRIS: And
that's interesting.
Because I always say that the
starving healer is the same
as the starving artist.
Most people know about the
starving artist syndrome.
It's like, well, I'm
just here to create,
so I'm rejecting society.
That's brilliant if you're
the happiest person I've seen.
And I've met some like
that who really do happily
reject society, and
they have an alive life.
But I see a lot of people bitter
and resentful about the part.
And with healers, there
is this whole idea,
I'll occasionally
see criticism, why
are you charging for the truth?
And I kind of-- you want to roll
your eyes, because you're like,
well actually, I spend
a lot of time and money
making free work
for you, so why are
you annoyed at the work that's
going to pay the bills for me
and my team over here.
But you can't have
that argument.
But I think that that
energy in the world
is what makes a lot of
healers feel that they have
to heal the pain of the world.
And at the root of it
it's the part of them
that has so absorbed the pain
and the suffering of the world
or so absorbed the
pain and the suffering
of the alcoholic
parent that they first
cut their teeth on as a kid that
they can't see beyond it, where
they can not only turn
off the healer mode,
but also that they
can be human too.
I know for me, when I was
full blown in my healer,
things were difficult for me.
And I really realized I had
to know how to switch it off.
I had to know how to ground.
I had to allow money in,
even though every time I
put my session rate
up, I was mortified,
and I was worried about the
people I was pricing out.
So point being, these
transformations, they do
come with emotional residue.
They do come with fear.
So they should.
Because usually, if we're
going through a breakthrough,
it will only be a breakthrough
if there's something
we have to move through.
So it's why I'm
always saying are you
scared to paint a
painting or sing a song?
Great.
Do it.
Not because the painting
or the song has to be good,
but the growth you will get
through walking into your fear,
it will affect all other
areas of your life.
>>REGINA: That's a good point.
And I think also we compare it
because we compare ourselves
to others.
We think, how come I
can't get it together?
They got it together.
And then you look at the
great cultural icons,
for example, of society, which
are usually on the covers
in like "Forbes"
magazine, which usually
is centered around the material
world and money, right?
And I'm reminded of
a friend of mine.
I was trying to get a new
project going a number of years
ago, maybe 20 years ago,
because I'm always trying to get
new projects going, right?
And I'm always nervous about it.
I don't know if
I'll succeed or fail
or if anyone's going to
buy in and support it.
And so I must have been
expressing this to him.
And I thought, I
just don't know if I
can make this leap this time.
And he said, let me
tell you something.
He said, there was
a Fortune 500 survey
that was done of the CEOs of
the Fortune 500 companies.
And there was a
question in there
that said what is
your greatest fear.
And the most reflected
fear was that they
were going to be found
out for the frauds
that they actually were.
They were living in
that same anxiety
of being toppled by
the board of directors,
feeling like they're not
as competent as the people
around them.
This is something that
it is to be human.
You can't help but look around
you and hope that you somehow
add up in some world.
Right?
>>HARRIS: A great example
of that for me is Adele,
the British singer/songwriter
who I just think
is fabulous on every level.
>>REGINA: I do too.
>>HARRIS: So good for the world.
And I loved it
because in that year
where she had just dominated
the whole world with an album--
I'm a musician, so
I track this stuff.
Albums don't sell
the way they used to.
And she was selling
albums all over the world
because people were
connecting with her.
And she said, I keep
thinking someone's
going to take it away.
And I remember reading
that and going,
it's so good that she
says that to people.
And as a reminder
for any of us, that
was the gift for me of
doing sessions with people.
I started 14 years ago,
and I was blown away
by what the very
rich or very famous
person or the mother who had
the three kids she had always
wanted, and the
husband, and the home,
all the people that
I would have thought
got their dream, the stuff
they were dealing with.
And it was very
humbling to see, oh,
everybody's got their stuff.
We've all got our stuff.
And comparison is just a
disease that's in our minds.
I catch it in myself
sometimes, and I
have to remember it's
misplaced admiration.
So if ever I'm focusing on
someone, going, oh, wow.
It's like, OK, great.
There's something in that
that you would either
like to become or experience,
so invite yourself to it.
And then oftentimes,
it's not real anyway.
It's just we get caught
in that comparison mind,
and that takes us down.
That always takes
our energy down.
So if I feel that
happening in my body
because of something
I'm thinking,
I have to try and
do the reverse.
It's like, OK.
Celebrate them and
invite yourself
to be part of that energy too.
And it's amazing how if you do
that diligently with your mind,
it changes your
energy very quickly.
And that really circles right
back to where we started.
There are all these societal
diseases and programming
that you can't love and
light your way out of.
>>REGINA: You can't.
You have to actually examine
it in the raw light of morning.
And it's like these
cultural icons
and like these business
icons and people.
I saw a movie recently,
the one on the story
of the kidnapping
of J. Paul Getty
Jr. Which was an amazing film.
And the part of J. Paul Getty
was just played exquisitely
by Christopher Plummer.
And there was a
scene in it where
the kind of consigliere of
the family, the one who's
running the money, trying
to deal with the kidnappers,
basically said,
you're, at this moment,
considered the richest
man in the world.
Your grandson, the one that
you love, has been kidnapped.
Essentially, I'm paraphrasing.
And all it takes is
a few million dollars
for you to cure this thing.
What is it you're looking for?
And he just said, more.
>> How much would you pay
to release your grandson,
if not $17 million?
>> Nothing.
>>REGINA: There was never enough
to fill the hole in his being.
And these are the people
we're often looking up to.
That said, on the
other side of the coin,
we do see the creative efforts
of people that do manifest
with this lens of fear.
To me the key is--
a lot of people will say,
oh, it's easy for them.
They don't have any fear.
They have courage.
That is not true.
Most of the people that
have done something
beautiful with their lives have
fear, but you do it anyway.
Once you feel this as your
calling, whatever it is,
you don't let fear stop
you from what you're doing.
And that's a really
key element here.
You think if you have fear,
it must not be for you.
No.
>>HARRIS: No, not at all.
And for me, there's a difference
between fear and terror.
So if I feel terror about
something, I'm not ready.
If my body's all
alarms about something,
maybe it's an instinct,
maybe it's I'm not ready.
And I really try
and trust my body.
I don't want my intuitive
mind to become dominant
with my body's senses there.
But what you said is so true.
Because people
often assume that--
you know, they'll say,
oh, you're fearless.
And it's like, no,
not necessarily.
It's just you have to learn
when to lead with courage
while dragging fear behind you.
Like fear might be walking
into the room with you,
but you've just got enough
momentum that you're like, ooh.
And I think that's what I meant
earlier by work with your fear.
Because the more you start
to do things that scare you--
for example, I always
recommend new business owners
to go and learn something new.
And they're always
like, I haven't got time
to learn salsa, and
I'm terrified of salsa.
And I'm like, yeah,
go and learn salsa.
Because you're going to take
your mind off this thing
that you're putting
all this weight onto.
You're going to
learn another skill.
You're going to be in a position
where someone is teaching you,
and that learning is
transference into the business.
>>REGINA: Brilliant.
>>HARRIS: It also just cuts
the mind from the focus.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I think that's brilliant.
Well, we could chat all day.
And so we now want to chat
with the Zs for a little bit,
and we're going to continue
this conversation with them.
So are you good with going
away for a little bit
and let them come on in?
>>HARRIS: I definitely am.
I'll just--
>>REGINA: Have a sip of tea.
>>HARRIS: It will just
take a moment, OK?
[BREATHING DEEPLY] Hm.
Hm.
Good.
Welcome.
A pleasure to be in this
collective conversation,
for that is what a
channeled experience is.
It is a collective conversation.
And in many ways,
there is a perception
that the entity or the energy
or the higher self that
is being channeled is
in charge of the words,
but that is not true.
The energy or entity
or higher self
is simply speaking the words
that the collective need
to rise into.
So in many ways, the
channeled being or channeller
is in pure service to
the conversational mind
of the group that are gathered.
And this is a very
potent time on Earth.
We would call it a time of
golden abundance for those
of you who are wayshowers, light
seekers, spiritually-minded,
or even those who do not
identify with spirituality
but have strong activist
or humanitarian leanings.
Those of you who have felt
dissatisfied with the world
you were born into and
the way it was going,
this is your time.
And yes, it may not be
exactly how some of you
might have imagined it.
Some of you thought that this
place would have transformed
into more of a paradise when
you felt most in your fire
and in your power.
No, that is not the case.
Part of your work, as
the transitionary team,
is to rub up against
and rearrange
some of these what you
would call lower vibrations
or darker areas of humanity.
And it takes time.
There is a very strong
desire for so many of you
to be able to click your
fingers and wish that it had all
changed overnight,
or could change,
or I am not re-entering
society until it changes.
That will be very
painful for you
if that is your
approach at this point.
If you are nursing a wound
of the world is a bad place.
The world is not for me.
The world does not want me.
The world does not
want what I'm offering.
We tell you, you are in a
dark illusion in yourself.
And we say that with some
compassion, for we know to be
in a dark illusion is painful.
It feels like a loss,
disconnection, loneliness,
acute loneliness.
Being cut off from your tribe.
If that is your story, and
you are listening to this,
we tell you, you are needed,
and now is your time.
But it's going to require
you getting in the trenches
and learning how to
walk in a brand new way.
For your society as you knew it
is radically different to how
it was even seven years ago.
The energetic and collective
makeup of your society
is in a dismantling and
disillusion phase, which yes,
produces confusion,
anxiety, and fear, which
some of the agendas
on your planet like,
because of course then
they can, they think,
manipulate things the way
they want things to go.
But they are not surviving
in these energies either.
For the, we will say,
uprising of the light
and the consciousness
in people is
going to far outweigh
any who would
like to control or manipulate.
It will just take time.
So this coming seven
or eight year period,
and this is being
recorded in 2018,
so we are looking ahead
to your 2024, 2025,
you are going to feel
a golden abundance
about living that
you have never felt
before in quite the same way.
But that is not prescriptive
that everything is,
to use Lee's phrase,
just love and light.
It means you will feel very
alive, very purposeful,
very in your body and your
spirit at the same time.
And many of you are transmitters
of that frequency for others.
Remember too that
it goes both ways.
Many of you, as light
workers, focus on what
you are doing for the planet.
Are you grateful
enough for those
who are harvesting your food?
The doctors who
have kept you alive
or brought you through diseases?
Are you grateful enough
for those on the ground?
For you are all part
of a jigsaw puzzle.
And a tendency with
the spiritually-minded
can be to be equally as
arrogant as those who are not
"spiritual," quote, unquote.
And we would argue all
of these terms anyway.
For to be a human in the body
with a soul that is active
is to be spiritual.
So many of you in the quote,
unquote, "spiritual world"
are having a bit of
a crash awakening
at the moment and a
certain loss of a dream.
A certain loss of an illusion.
An illusion that you
thought everything
was going to transform without
too much effort on your part
or without you having
to get in the trenches.
We will tell you that
being in the body is good.
Those who are about to die,
they see this very clearly.
They suddenly have
the realization
that all of this
societal isms and schisms
and diseases that you all
have to run through your minds
and your ways of
being hold you back
from the sensory
wonder of this planet.
So if you are somebody
who is leaning heavily
into the depressive of
what your planet is losing
or how things are
going, you will not
be part of the solution.
We should be clear here
that much wonderful activism
and humanitarian
acts are done because
of that activist or humanitarian
getting angry or upset
about what they're seeing.
But the most effective
change makers on your planet
do not forget the
importance of joy.
They do not forget
the importance
of whether it is
meditation or laughter
or connection with others.
They believe in being
in this messy planet,
this messy collective.
You may look at them and think
they are gracefully gliding
along, bonding with everybody.
No, it does not work that way.
You are all individuals.
That is the irony
of this planet.
You are a collective that can
constantly combine and connect
with each other, but you
are also highly individual,
so it is healthy to feel
alone from time to time.
It is healthy to feel
bonded from time to time.
You are supposed to dance
in and out of all of it.
And the most effective
change makers
are those who are no
longer afraid of the side
that they have perhaps avoided.
And we say this
with no judgment.
Suffering and pain
on your planet
is intense to feel in
the body and is ancient.
So for many of you,
it takes time for you
to let your bodies
come online again
once you have left those
bodies in order to avoid
the trauma of the world that
you are feeling and to try
and breathe again spiritually
so that your soul does not
feel like it wants
to wither and die.
That story that many of
you have that you do not
want to be here anymore.
Oh, this is your
time to be here.
This is your time to be here in
a bigger way than ever before.
And for some of
you, that big way
will involve going
out into the world
and being perhaps more
extrovert or connected or seen
than you ever have.
And for others among you that
will involve working on feeling
and sensing in a way that
you never have before,
bringing your senses, your
feeling, and your appreciation
of life internally to the
fore in a very profound way.
So if we could give you one
piece of advice for this time,
and it will be very
hard to ingrain,
try to stay out of the
rights and the wrongs.
It will be very tempting for you
to think this person is right,
that person is wrong.
Even those of you who consider
yourselves quite advanced.
Why?
Because the amount of emotion
that is being put behind right
and wrongs at this
time is volcanic.
And remember, you do
not respond to words.
You respond to emotion.
There are a million
ways to say I love you.
You can say it in
a very dead way.
I love you.
Means nothing.
You can say I love you in a
big, passionate, heartfelt way.
I love you.
It is the energy that you
listen to, not the words.
And the energy around
right and wrong,
at this point, with all of the
division that is taking place
on your planet, is
highly seductive,
and it is pulling so many
of you off your own centers.
We say that not as
a judgment, just
as a reminder that the
reason you sometimes feel off
is because you are not
recognizing the ocean
has changed.
The undertow has
become a lot stronger.
So you will need to
swim better and know
when you need to go to
the shore to lie and rest.
And rest is very
important, but it need not
be three weeks at a spa because
you have burned yourself out
in life.
It should be 30 minutes
a day of peace, silence,
tending to yourself.
When you do this
with regularity,
you do not burn out.
But remember, you
are in a society
where this is not the norm.
There are certain cultures
in the world where
this is celebrated
and practiced,
and you are so influenced by
the society that you are in,
you would not believe it.
That is how you regularly
lose your center.
And there is nothing wrong
with that in and of itself,
but we are telling
you this is the time
that you need to deepen
your self-care, your needs.
They are very
important so that you
can be strong and magnetic
and useful in this time
where you are needed.
>>REGINA: That's beautiful.
Thank you so much.
And I would like to continue
on the theme you spoke
about a moment ago, where
so many people said they
don't want to be here anymore.
Probably I think one of the
most common phrases I hear
is oh, I'm not
incarnating again.
I'm done with Earth.
And I say, where do
you think you're going?
What do you think happens then?
And so I would love it
if you would explain
to us the truth about what
happens once you've said,
I'm done, I'm not coming back,
because you're frustrated.
Let's talk about
what the options are
if you didn't come
back and what the draw
is to continue coming back.
>>HARRIS: Well, first of all,
we will say, think of that time
where you have booked a vacation
or a trip on your planet,
and you are excited about
that vacation or the trip.
And then the day
comes, and most of you
get a little
anxious about going.
This thing that
you say you wanted,
all of a sudden,
the uprooting of it
is a little bit of a shock
to your nervous system.
Either because you've been very
busy, or because many of you
get very rooted where
you are, and there
is a certain safety in the
patterning of the routine
that you had.
So to interrupt that routine,
it is quite normal, especially
if this trip or this
vacation is going
to infuse you with certain
positive or educational growth
energies.
There will always
be some hesitation.
be some part of you
that goes through
a strange period
as you have to leave one
reality and come to another.
For those people who run
this story, a lot of I'm
not supposed to be here, we
will tell you, you truly are.
If you are on the
planet, you are
supposed to be on the planet.
We have said this many times.
It is so easy to die.
There are so many times in
your life that you can die.
Most people have 80 plus
options in their lifetime
across the time of
their life where
they can pop out at any
moment, and for others, it
is hundreds and hundreds.
So you can always be
whisked off the planet.
What we would say is yes,
there are other dimensions.
There are other realities.
But for those of us in this
group that Lee is connected to,
we are energetics.
It does not mean
that we have not
been incarnate on Earth or
other places, for in this group,
there are members
who have been that.
However, what we
try to remind you
is there is nothing
like the emotional
or the sensory frequency of
this planet that you are on now.
And more importantly,
some of you
seem to forget that it
is a job to be on Earth.
Some of you have this
ingrained in your mind,
but part of what you are
doing here is cleaning.
And we say that not to
disappoint or deglamorize
the process.
But the truth is
part of what you
are trying to do is help clean
up and change the frequency.
So many of you who feel
like you shouldn't be here,
you have been the kinds
of energies, if you like,
that can work
areas of the world.
So for example, there are
many unembodied beings
who are clearing energies of
your planet or other planets,
but for many of
you, it is far more
interesting to
drop into the body.
But if you are highly
sensitive, if you
have strong angelic
leanings, it is a shock
to be back in the
density and the--
we will say aggression
of this place.
For it is a very
aggressive place,
and we do not just
mean aggressive actions
or destructive people
killing each other.
We mean the aggression of the
energy on the physical senses
is very, very strong.
Whereas when you
are out of the body,
when you are back to
source, or your soul body,
everything is far
more fluid and open,
and things are not as
staccato as they are
when you are in the human body.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
And to manage it, what
a lot of people do
is turn to intrigue for escape.
It can be anything from
watching movies and playing
video games to tapping
into intriguing spiritual
information.
It doesn't matter.
It's still intrigue to escape.
And what happens is the truth
seems to be sitting there,
but we don't know how to discern
it waiting for our attention.
Can you talk about this tendency
towards flight from our reality
and what we need to do to
anchor back into genuine truths
and be able to discern
one from the other.
The intrigue from the truth.
The useful truth.
>>HARRIS: We appreciate
your analysis,
and we would just
like to offer one
other aspect, a way of seeing
this escape, as you call it.
For it is true that many escape,
and they do it mindlessly.
And for some, it
becomes a numbing act.
But we will also say this.
Entertainment,
information, these
are what we would
call dream states.
And they are ways
that many people
have got used to giving their
dream or their visionary power
over to.
So there are certain high
frequency experiences
that can be had.
For example, Regina, we
will use you and your show.
Are there some people
who escape through coming
to you for comfort and
clarity and a feeling of home?
Yes.
Are there others, in fact,
more in the majority, who
use it to anchor in what
home should feel like,
and then they have a sense
in their body of what
is more normal to them
than what they are
presented in the outside world.
And do they then alchemize
and galvanize that feeling
and start to identify it in
other areas of their life,
consciously and unconsciously?
Yes.
So what we would say is there is
a disconnect between the vision
and the dream state in the human
and the creative in the human.
This is why creativity
is so essential.
All of you need to create.
And not to order or
because you are being paid,
but you need to create
to express and to run
your own energy
through your system
and put it back into
form on the earth.
So for example, somebody
might write a poem.
Somebody might
create a magical meal
for their loved
ones or themselves.
Somebody might create in
the Earth, in the garden,
somebody might carve
something from wood.
When you go into
these states, you
are running source energy
through your own body,
and this is very important.
So what you are
differentiating is the part
of the nervous system that has
to shut down and go completely
out of the body.
You often call this
fight or flight.
But equally, it is not so much
that the flight out of the body
is the problem.
The problem is the
lack of continuum
between the state of trauma
and the state of elation.
It is the middle
cylinder that links
those two that is actually what
all of you need to develop.
This is why it's so
important to, as a society,
talk about the things that
you are now speaking about.
The discomforts you have,
the worries, the concerns.
For that had been homogenized
out of your culture
and only given to art, whereas
your society is becoming
a bit more adept
at what we would
call emotional communication.
So that is helping.
People need their bodies back.
And what is happening
is their bodies
are either being taken hostage
by society or their work
or them having to detach
from how they really
feel about something
in order to see
through a commitment
with a person or a job
or some role they have that
they're struggling to fulfill.
So we would say that
the problem is not
so much where people escape to
or the trauma that they have.
It's there is a lack of
development of what we
would call the middle ground.
So that propulsive
fight or flight
which takes a lot of
energy from a person
and pulls them off their own
sense of center and ground
can start to dissipate the
more that people are creating
from inside themselves.
And for many, this
can start by simply
being artistically creative.
But we assure you that
the act of creativity
is a necessity, not a luxury.
It is something that all of
you are in touch with when you
first come into this planet.
And depending on
how it is supported
by the individuals who raised
you and also the kind of work
that you have in the
world and the lifestyle,
it is something that most
of you lose somewhere
between the ages of 7 and 16.
You disconnect from it.
And also the inner critic
has a lot to do with this.
And that inner critic
is an inner voice
that you have developed
through listening
to all of the outer voices.
>>REGINA: Here, here.
Absolutely beautifully said.
Creativity is our native state.
And you're right.
We get so easily cut off
with it to go with function.
And so going back to the notion
of truth and finding our truth.
This is a confusing area
for a lot of people,
especially if you
expose yourself
to massive amounts of
conflicting information.
And I get these
questions all the time.
You interview someone
that says this,
you interview someone
that says this.
Another person or host or
magazine article says this.
And people end up frozen,
in a state of confusion.
How do we use our
being and our body
as a tuning fork for
essential truths?
What is our guide to
finding truth again?
>>HARRIS: Does it light you up,
or does it put you into fear?
Now sometimes things
can put you into fear
when you first have a
shocking revelation,
and you then come
through that shock.
But what we would
say is if you are
someone who says you
are seeking the truth,
it is an impossibility.
Meaning there are so
many perspectives,
and this very multi-dimensional
universe that you live in
is far more complex than the
human is allowed to experience.
And we say that not
to be forbidding,
this word allow, it is just part
of the gravity belt of being
a human in the Earth.
There is only so much
that you are supposed to
or are designed to access.
Yes, you can have cosmic,
multi-dimensional experiences,
and all of that is a truism.
But if you are
looking for the truth,
you are going to run
yourself into trouble.
And some part of you that
is looking for the truth
has not yet identified the
traumatized or fight or flight
part of you that
is trying to find
an outer solution for the inner
pain or the inner discomfort.
If you are looking
for your truth,
or if a person is
looking for their truth,
their truth about
life that gets them
back in their body
in a way that they
are feeling more well-being,
more happy, more of service,
naturally and joyously,
more that they
are able to receive some
of the gifts of life,
and that their heart is not
afraid to be touched by others.
Are you somebody who always
pushes the compliment away?
Stop it.
You have to recognize
you are always
pushing the compliment
away, and it
is safe to receive
and feel compliments.
And if it isn't safe to you,
yes, be curious about what
in the past has stopped
you feeling safe,
while also opening
up to the now, which
is a very different time.
So we would say that truth
seekers are not actually
seeking truth, they're
seeking themselves.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I agree.
Our truth, the truth that
is at the base of what we
need for our own development.
And interests, I
totally agree with you
in that I experience it
on a level of expansion
versus contraction.
When there is huge
contraction, it's
something that usually
is not resonating
with me for this
time, for my learning
and what I need to
contribute to the world.
And so I think the way you
said it is very accurate.
Something that lights you up or
something that shuts you down.
So instead, another area
that I think a lot of people
are intrigued with, and
it's come to surface a bit,
and people get all
excited about it,
is the notion of disclosure.
Around Christmas
of this last year,
there was an article
that came out--
old, old news, but
for people reading
"The New York Times"
that had never heard
of any of this, that there
were government panels working
with the study of alien agendas.
And now for the first
time, the public,
are one of the first times the
public is suddenly saying, see?
I told you so at a dinner party.
I told you they existed.
So we get in a
big intrigue, kind
of mass intrigue
around other beings
that are here and their place
over our lives and such while
still avoiding, often,
looking at our own lives.
Can you talk about the
interface of this whole notion
of disclosure, the awareness
that other beings have
been on this planet, and
what our place is within that
now from your perspective.
>>HARRIS: Well, there are
multiple truths to this.
And first of all, disclosure,
of course, will come,
but it will happen
over a far longer time
than would satisfy most
of the, we would say,
avid disclosure seekers.
If you are an avid
disclosure seeker,
investigate what you
are missing in yourself.
We are not judging your
seeking, for like any group
on your planet that is
very hell-bent on talking
about a certain
subject or bringing it
into the consciousness, there
is a certain puzzle piece
that they are playing.
They are being people who
are passionate and activist
about a certain aspect of life
that has either been hidden,
suppressed, or not put
into the mainstream.
So there is an aspect of their
avid nature that is true.
But there is also
another aspect,
which is they are looking
for disclosure to bring
the freedom to them and the
world that they think it needs
or that they themselves
are not feeling.
So it is always good, if you
are obsessive about anything
in life, to check
your obsession.
What we will say is
that disclosure will not
change the world in the 360
way that many of those people
crave.
However, it will
certainly shake it up 180,
and this is part of the
reason that the suppression
has been, by a small number
of people, encouraged.
Because what will happen
to humanity once there
is more awareness of
life on other planets
is the stranglehold
of what we would call
revealed shadow
government will start
to lose power and authority.
Because at the moment,
not unlike the god
that you are given through
your religious sources
that you are all supposed to
bow down to and be separate from
and not have any sense
of personal power around,
so too have those who are
running this very culture that
runs you ragged,
this very culture
that you and Lee were
addressing earlier that
does not leave any of
you space to breathe,
for you are in the
machine, and that you all
have to work hard to
survive, most of you.
That very culture
that has been created
is designed to keep you small.
And once you realize you are
part of a wider universe, which
all human beings know at heart.
So this also starts to
rapidly undo the programming
of the human being.
Once the human being is
reminded of the wider source
truth of universal
life and this,
shall we say, interplay
between human and other planets
for many, many, many,
many generations,
suddenly the glass
ceiling starts to crack.
And there are a small
number of people
who do not want the
glass ceiling to crack,
but there is an energy movement
among this group of human souls
that you are now part of
in this incarnation that
are on the back of the evolution
of all of the prior human souls
who have been building this
fever pitch of what you might
call consciousness or awakening.
It cannot hold.
It has to break.
So we would say, like
anything, like any obsession
about disclosure,
there is good and bad.
But we would say, at best, it
has been a very important part
of this world, being
liberated from some
of the financial and energetic
and emotional control
that humans have been put
under that is not best designed
for humans or the planet.
>>REGINA: Hm.
Interesting.
We have only time for
one more question.
And looking at us as human
beings, because we're
such a unique species.
We have the greatest
and the lowest behaviors
in our grasp at any time.
What are we undervaluing
in ourselves
in terms of our strengths,
our beauty, and our abilities?
What are the most common things
we undervalue in ourselves,
our own species?
>>HARRIS: You've all been taught
to undervalue your hearts.
And if you steer a society
away from their hearts,
they lose the power center.
The heart is the
center of the body.
The heart chakra is the
power center of the body.
For we see your bodies
extending a good 12 to 20 inches
above your physical heads.
So therefore, the heart is
the energy center of the body.
And if you can get people
disconnected from their hearts,
either through fear or
through telling them
they aren't good
enough, or through
creating a comparison
culture, which
you see being highly
encouraged and activated,
creating a culture of
judgment without healing.
We should say this.
There are many things
going down on your planet
right now that people are
in shock horror about,
and there is judgment
rising to the surface.
Everything is perspective based.
We are not in any
way trying to say
that certain people who have
committed acts against others
that have caused them
pain and suffering
should just be let
off those acts.
But this hard line,
right/wrong judgment,
without recognizing
that some of these acts
have been perpetrated by those
who are playing out the biggest
shadows of the culture you are
all in, even if you yourself
are not embodying that
shadow to that level,
that judgment is part of the
separation and the division.
So you have to be very
careful with judgment.
Judgment is one of the ways that
you have all been kept separate
from each other, and steering
you away from your hearts
is how you have been kept
away from your power.
With men, it is to discourage
them and confuse them
about their feelings,
and with women, it
has been to devalue their place,
for they are strong in feeling.
We will say this.
There is this
common misconception
that men are far less
emotional than women.
And we would say it's actually
the opposite way around.
Women have been emotional
about the lack of power
and the injustice that they have
had to suffer for a long time,
and that is what can
make them emotional,
for they have not been given
voices or authority in areas
that that emotion
would have gone down.
Men are naturally far
more emotional than women,
but they have been
discouraged from it
and shamed away from it.
This is why when you have
little boys and little girls,
you will often see it is
the boys who get more upset
and stay upset for
longer than the girls.
So this is an important thing
for all of you to understand.
You have all been
told a lie about who
you are supposed to be.
And we say that not to get
the conspiracy theorists all
aflame.
Because conspiracy
theorists have a tendency
to live in their
head, their mind,
and want to escape
to the information.
We are not putting all
of them in that camp.
There are some wonderful
activist warriors
for certain what you would call
conspiracy or shadow, hidden
elements on your planet.
But what all of you need is
your hearts, your vulnerability,
your feelings.
When you let this come
back into the body,
and when you actively start to
encourage, invite, and seek it,
it changes who you
are as a person.
It changes the way you interact
with the rest of the world.
And if each of you start
changing the way you interact,
an osmosis will occur
across the planet that
will unleash a power in
humanity the likes of which you
will have never seen.
This is where this word
humanitarian will come from.
Those that you hail as
humanitarians, they are you.
They are how all of you are
naturally designed to be.
They are just the ones
who, for whatever reason
in their life, circumstance,
training, focus and dedication,
have allowed the
humanitarian in themselves
to come out to the fore.
But that is actually how
all of you are designed.
And the pain that you
feel and the disconnection
from each other and the
separation from each other
is because that design has
been diminished from the way
that you're allowed to be.
This next 10, 20, 30
years is the rebirth
of that design unfolding into
your collective once more.
>>REGINA: Well, it's been an
absolutely lovely conversation.
I thank you so much for taking
the energy to come through Lee
and join us here today to
inspire so many people that
will be watching this later.
And with that, I say, go
well, and thank you so much.
And we can have
Lee back anytime.
>>HARRIS: [BREATHING DEEPLY] Hi.
>>REGINA: That was good.
I enjoyed that very much.
A lot of very grounded,
useful information.
It's a time to take stock
and to take action and take
some time for rest, so
we had time for action.
We have the energy for it.
>>HARRIS: Fire.
It's funny.
The one thing I've really
noticed with them recently,
and partly my own
evolution and partly them,
that there's this
fire that comes
through them that's really on.
And I feel like that's the fire
that we're all tapping into.
>>REGINA: I totally agree.
>>HARRIS: That you
are needed fire.
So we do need rest from it too.
Because it activates
you, and then
you need to rest and recover.
And then it activates you.
And so yeah.
>>REGINA: Full willingness,
full responsibility,
and honoring our own truth.
>>HARRIS: Yes.
>>REGINA: And Lee,
we're out of time.
Thank you so much.
I think that was my favorite
conversation with the Zs ever.
>>HARRIS: I feel the same way.
>>REGINA: And maybe I
say that every time,
but this is really was.
[LAUGHS] Until next time, Lee.
Thank you so much.
I hope you enjoyed words
from the Zs And Lee, both.
We'll certainly be getting
back together again.
For more of Lee's
video blogs and work,
you can go to
leeharrisenergy.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]